I am mr. Nate Jackson and here i am with
your story of the day a woman through a
8-inch knife at her boyfriend after he
farted in her face debra and burns is
accused of throwing an eight inch long
knife kitchen knife it is at her
boyfriend after he farted inner there
watching television last Tuesday night
according to an arrest report the police
showed up and he claimed that they were
arguing over money she claimed that he
putted in her face he says she threw the
knife at him left the house but came
back and struck him in the arm with a
stick fellas what is your take on this
keV Jay listen if women are our
committing ever aggravated assault off
of farts I'm dead because I fart all of
the time at home under the covers I
don't necessarily part in my wife's face
but it's enough in her space that one
day I might just get that so Nate Jay if
you don't hear from me for two days come
get me cuz I know melissa shank me I
know that I am dying and bleeding out I
got gas the funny thing Nate about this
one is I want to know um what kind of
milk he was drinking cuz he had to have
one of those black people I am lactose
intolerant glasses of milk the night
before to open up his cheeks in her face
and blow that out from her to say you
know what James I can't believe you go
grab a knife and throw it at him my
mouth was open James and you drank all
that milk that's what I'm trying to say
I want to know what that glass was like
I want to know where she cooked the
night before that I love that made her
want to go throw a knife at him cuz he
smell that bad Nate Jackson I was Green
martyred ring my take on it is i want to
know i'm a little silly I other
I used to play the part game and I would
smell the part I want to know what kind
of fart was it that's what I want to
know like i know he farted a lot he
farted and she was like you know what
the next time you do that I'm snap he
was like I think it moves to add me and
I want to know what gotta fart it was
did he hit it with that young juicy was
it like purple or did he hit her with
one of those it was a scream out and
hurt everything only way out sound like
a truck stopping either way you can be
gluten in your girl's face fellas you
might get stabbed that's what I second
this has changed my life Nate and Jade
this isn't just regular news that we
watch and listen to laugh about and then
go on to the next story this is like
okay this is a motive for murder I'm
committing this crime every day I can't
we can't just gloss over this I might
seriously get stabbed the other hand
maybe isn't a joke I kept this is
life-changing news for me I might die to
me like what happened here as long as
you're not hitting her with the clapper
leg and he hit her with that clapper in
the face mate that's gonna be the
problem back mm-hmm if he hit her with
that clapper that's gonna be an issue
and I would have went and handed her the
knife to throw back and gin gin juice a
nasty you saw it has a threat this is
Howard Englishness is I wanted to hurt
you like you farted so naturally that I
wanted to cause your body harm she
probably try to stop him in the stomach
let me cut this part of your body out
because obviously it's not working right
the funds assault with a deadly weapon
because she felt assaulted by a deadly
web you know what Muriel needs to thank
James because the fart was so hot it
probably burned out an extra facial hair
she had on her face that's probably what
it did she's getting must she needed to
get that mustache wax off her upper lip
and James just went ahead and gave her
someone at a hard boo boo coming out
that but you know somebody I like it
looks like it already got farted in
outrageous she's like he's lucky she
didn't stab him in the hole secondly if
somebody's farting around you and you
got a problem with the air that's coming
out of their body I wouldn't suggest
adding more holes to their body for air
to come out of that's my best suggestion
listen that is our take on this leave a
comment let us know what you think
what's your take fellas should you feel
as a fart around your girl your girl
face you cheated take it ladies for she
right for stabbing this bull let us know